New Chapter "Risks of Bias in Research" (#3819)
the-turing-way/the-turing-way: book/website/project-design/risks-of-bias/discrimination-bias.md

(pd-risks-of-bias-discrimination-bias)=
# Discrimination and Bias

The word *bias* is often used to refer to prejudice against a group of people. 
While this differs from the statistical bias which has been the focus of this chapter, there is significant overlap between these types of bias. 
A model may act in a biased way against a group of people, which can lead to discriminatory outcomes. 

Data science and AI will always be at risk of bias - biased data leads to biased models, which may lead to biased decision-making. 
Datasets contain biases which reflect the personal and societal biases which were present during data collection.

> They also become biased due to difficulties in {ref}`sampling <project-design/pd-bias/pd-bias-identification-sampling>`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They also become biased due to difficulties in {ref}`sampling <pd-risks-of-bias-identifying-risks-of-bias-sampling>`. 
```
